well rift rivals is over but I'm joined
right now by Apollo price from NV who
continues to do surprisingly well so
first off your what a nest here a teak
area here I'm an 8 year okay what did he
have a nest here or was it just area I
don't think there was a nest here no one
is that good yet when you when you saw
that freak ranked you so high on the ad
carry tier list were you happy or were
you worried because it just meant that a
ton of people were gonna start
shit-talking him I mean a little bit of
both I mean I was like kind of happy I
was a go-go that's cool you know it's
ranked highly but I mean I knew is just
first of all it's just kind of his
opinion so it's meant to like start
conversation and I don't think many
people agree with it and that's okay I
mean I was I wasn't going to be like no
you guys are wrong so I was like yeah
it's cool it's nice I asked because like
there was a Travis cafard appreciation
thread on reddit and I'm like no this is
terrible because anytime you sit that
happens what ends up happening is all
the people who disagree with that then
flood the comments and are like are you
kidding me he's an awful person he has a
consorted with the devil you know also
so I imagine agree with by the way yeah
yeah you were probably one of the people
and the right I was actually making
multiple accounts yes and so I could
tell it's like Apollo priced one Apollo
price too I'm like he's not even being
in a Sun with it but similarly you know
that happens all the top profits are
about how you suck it you're like this
is actually a terrible thing uh-huh
I don't really look at the comments job
in any more actually I just don't really
look at all so I just let them do their
thing I get the occasional Twitter
hatred you know it's fine though well
people have been feeling as though
you've been doing particularly well this
split do you feel like this is the best
flip that you pen cuz I feel like a lot
of other people feel that way yeah it's
probably my best performing split at
least for refer every team I've been on
maybe like tip is you know we did well
as the team so I'd perform pretty well
but I think this split I've definitely
you know I performed my other pieces
yeah I asked partially because I feel
like for a lot of people there was an
opinion that you had kind of like you
had the ceiling of how high you could go
and that you had kind of hit it over the
past couple of years
it does seem low that you are defying
that now what what is it about this
plate compared to you know you've been
competing for many years now like what
is it about this split in particular
it's really allowed you to take off mmm
I don't know I think a lot had to do
with Lehrer and he actually like kind of
taught us more than any other coach
really did for us so I'm really you know
I'm really happy that he did that and
you currently have a coach how are you
gonna feel about that statement well but
Lehrer it helped me a lot more I think
specifically so I think yeah Lehrer
helped me a lot and then just overall
we've just been playing better as a team
so naturally I get you know more of it
not like a spotlight but like you know
if I'm if the team is performing well
then I can perform well so I don't
necessarily think it's just all me like
or anything like that but that you know
the team perform well definitely helps
me yeah now lamination is waiting for an
interview off camera right now what do
you think about his performance on
flight quest recently you know he's
probably probably the number one support
in the world I mean I that's like
undisputed I think at this point his
sone is just amazing I'm your cheerless
you would put a message here now Esther
actually there would be another separate
ranking yeah I think he's blushing right
now a little bit over there all right
that's good
I'll ask him what he thinks of you and
it will cool to close the original lines
up now I you know I think a lot of
people counted Envy out for the split
after you know what has been kind of a
rough history so far but it does feel
like you guys are performing very well
where do you think Envy is projected to
end up at the end of the split I think
especially since we toured c9 I mean
this was I feel like this week was a
pretty big like turning point whether it
looked like we can either go O 2 or 2 0
type of thing right so especially if we
- oh this week and we have a really good
chance at being in playoffs not winning
class of you know being in playoffs go I
mean yeah things are looking good we
have still like a ton to prove on and I
I don't think we're by any means like a
top-tier team yet so yeah I'm just
looking forward to keep playing and
getting keep improving yeah final line
of questioning we were talking about
this beforehand you look like you've
gotten tan what and and also have you
been working out because your arms like
I don't know maybe you always wore like
longer sleeves or something but it does
feel like you're looking healthier than
ever I don't know if this is because you
coming in eighty or eighty carry or what
but yeah I mean I think as long is when
you get better at League of Legends you
naturally just gain muscle and you
become more tan so I don't think has
anything to do with what I've been
working on here yeah it's just that why
TSM always like like hot sir actually is
a pretty good example of this like that
guy Hulk out yeah and I don't think he
did anything you just became better at
League of Legends yeah so there we go
very good
well of that anything that you would
like to say to any of the NV fans out
there thanks for supporting us you know
we're we're doing better and I'm really
happy that we kind of like I guess
picked it up a lot from lot split so I'm
just happy about that and thanks yeah
thanks for watching very good I'm
distracted because there's like a love
story with this and iqu I know it's so
cute
alright and we're done hey so I'm trying
out this whole ad thing because people
say that it makes it so that the videos
go further on YouTube and they
distribute it more but most of you are
ad blocking in terrain so it's probably
not gonna work so if you are ad blocking
and you can support me over at traffic
AFRICOM slash support